Add 'validate' pool options. Resolves #5119. (#5120)
knex/knex: docs/src/guide/index.md

});
```

> By default, the configuration object received via a function is cached and reused for all connections. To change this behavior, an `expirationChecker` function can be returned as part of the configuration object. The `expirationChecker` is consulted both when creating new connections and before reusing a pooled connection. If it returns `true`, Knex refreshes the connection settings from your provider and drops the current connection so the pool can create a new one with the updated configuration. If the checker still reports expired after a refresh, it is disabled to avoid repeated churn.

Reviewer: Docs should be updated to reflect the new behavior :)

Reviewer 2: Ah I had missed this one. Done.

});
```

#### Custom validation (`pool.validate`)

> You can provide a `pool.validate` function to decide if a pooled connection should be reused. It can be sync or async; return/resolve `false` (or throw) to veto reuse and force the pool to create a fresh connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide a `pool.validate` function to decide if a pooled connection should be reused. It can be sync or async; return/resolve `false` (or throw) to discard the connection and force the pool to replace it.
```

This is super minor, but the phrase "... to veto reuse and ..." could be misunderstood; the noun and verb forms have slightly differing connotations (the noun, as in "to veto the reuse of", is the intended meaning here, but the verb, as in "to reuse", means the opposite)
